Use uv as package manager in the contribution guide (#2228)
hikari-py/hikari: CONTRIBUTING.md

The removal or renaming of anything facing the public facing API must go through a deprecation process, which should
match that of the versioning scheme. There are utilities under `hikari.internal.deprecation` to aid with it.

# UV Package Manager

We use the `uv` package manager as a faster drop-in replacement for pip. While it's not required to use in order to
contribute to hikari, it's highly recommended! From here on we will use `uv` instead of `pip`.

> If you still want to use `pip` as your package manager, you can take a look at equivalent `pip`command by clicking on
> the dropdowns below every command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still want to use `pip` as your package manager, you can see the equivalent `pip` command by clicking on
the dropdowns below every command.
```

> Installing `uv` is explained [here](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Click here to view installation instructions](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) for `uv`!
```

Reviewer 2: I prefer the original if I'm being honest

Author: same for me

Reviewer: The original feels like a line you could easily skip over. I put more text in the link with a visible action ('Click here') so it's less likely to be misread

Author: I think either you already know uv and have it installed or you would be looking for information about installation anyways

# Getting Started

First of all you should start by cloning the repository.
In the repository, make a virtual environment 
```bash
uv venv
```
<details>
    <summary>Equivalent pip command</summary>
    
```bash
python -m venv .venv
```
</details>

> and enter it (`source .venv/bin/activate` on
> Linux, or for Windows use one of `.venv\Scripts\activate.ps1`, `.venv\Scripts\activate.bat`,
> `source .venv/Scripts/activate`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and enter it:
- On Linux/macOS: `source .venv/bin/activate`
- On Windows: one of `.\.venv\Scripts\activate.ps1`, `.\.venv\Scripts\activate.bat`, or `.\.venv\Scripts\activate`
```

> Then you should continue by installing [nox](#nox)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you should continue by installing [nox](#nox).
```

# Nox

We have nox to help out with running pipelines locally and provides some helpful functionality.

You will need to install `nox` locally before running any pipelines.

```bash
uv sync --group nox
```
<details>
    <summary>Equivalent pip command</summary>
    
```bash

> pip install nox[uv]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install 'nox[uv]'
```
Quoted it because some commonly used shells on *nix environment don't tolerate `[square brackets]` the way you'd expect. This should be supported universally (I hope)
